---
layout: post
title: "Blog Ten"
date: 2018-11-12
excerpt: "Putting on the Pressure & Outside Perspectives"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

I need to do something for my own good in the coming weeks. With Thanksgiving break coming up and the pressures of college applications dying down, I’m planning on setting aside a few hours for my Original Work every day during the break. In this past week, I’ve struggled with other aspects of life and extracurricular obligations. The positive aspect of this is that now, I’m really looking forward to diving back into the actual writing of code, and fulfilling the plans I have for the system architecture and various models to be implemented. Additionally, simply talking about the project out loud with different people has already given me some new ideas about how to approach it. Seeing all of these other perspectives of what would they would want to see, and what would be exciting about a conversational AI, has helped me comprehend what other people find interesting about machine learning, and therefore what my presentation should focus on. With previous projects, I often lost track of the viewer, getting so invested in the functionality of the program that I forgot about what actually gave it the shock factor that interested so many people. This time, I don’t plan on making that same mistake, and I know that I can create something which will make people embrace the development of artificial intelligence, rather than fear it. 
