---
layout: post
title: "Blog Seven"
date: 2018-10-22
excerpt: "Falling Into a Routine & Professionals"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

I’ve spent a great deal of time simply researching new articles to consume as I try to better comprehend the entire process of training a sequence model or LTSM in keras, the python library. In doing so, I decided that an important next step to take in my original work project was to create a one-hot vectorization of the data which I completed recently. Additionally, I was able to create a couple of methods which I previously mentioned in the blog that pertain to finding the parent comment data for each reply. This completes the necessary data that needs to be found before I can begin working with the training model, which means I should be all set to start working on this next week. Beyond my original work, I decided to look at learning to become more diligent in my work and studying. In order to achieve this, I decided to eliminate distractions for myself and work in a different environment to generate some new ideas. Overall, I found it effective and I’m excited to try some new locations this coming week, like coffee shops or possibly the library. On another note, a goal I’ve recently set for myself is to improve my comprehension of literature and develop a better perspective and learning ability through reading more challenging novels. Many students today have fallen out of touch with writing and reading physical texts, which I think is actually a significant mistake. I honestly attribute a large part of my vocabulary and knowledge on various subjects to my great passion for reading that I haven’t satiated recently, but still have today. I aim to challenge myself with my reading from now on, which is why I plan on reading some Leo Tolstoy and possibly another book by Kafka, like The Trial. The psychological aspects embedded in the books of these two authors are what truly excite me, and I hope to learn something in the process of reading their work in the coming weeks. My goal for this next week is to simply make more progress on my original work and hopefully begin reading one of these novels. 
