---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twelve"
date: 2018-12-03
excerpt: "Original Work Progress & My New Mentor"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

This week has been greatly beneficial for me, largely because of the progress I made on my original work, as well as my recent decision for my mentor. First, all of the effort I have put into debugging and constantly worrying over the effectiveness of my original work felt futile for a while, but recently so many parts have come together. I finally got my model to run while minimizing loss and maximizing accuracy, which was actually a far more significant issue than I first anticipated because of how variable conversation data can be. Additionally, because of my recent success on the functionality of the program, I decided to move on to creating a GUI and saving my entire program as an executable for Research Showcase. I discovered last year that most people find machine learning interesting in theory, but can’t really get excited over it unless it is presented in a way that is inherently engaging. This was the main influence for my creating a chatroom-style GUI, and I hope to possibly publish it on my website at some point as well. So, with my search for a mentor finally coming to an end and the exciting success of my original work, I really look forward to discussing the next step for my project with him. I think building a much more complex framework and even creating a more flashy presentation, complete with voice recognition and more, will be a great learning experience and hopefully a great experience for others hoping to learn more about AI at showcase. 
