---
layout: post
title: 9-10-2018
date: 2018-9-10
excerpt: "Threshold"
project: false
tags:
- blog
feature: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32405726/45268035-dcc90880-b43c-11e8-9f2e-95a5566bdf92.jpg
comments: false
---

At the outset of this school year, I was already extremely excited to start delving into deep learning and finding new, engaging projects to work on. 
Over a short period of time, my interest has only increased as I continue to uncover new concepts in my field of study. 
I expanded my knowledge of many topics related to neural networks, including gradient descent, backpropagation, and the many types of cost
functions for calculating error. Being able to understand how programmers optimize their algorithms used in the cutting edge of machine
learning is, in my opinion, essential to improving. Additionally, as I’ve continued to connect with machine learning or artificial
intelligence professionals, I’m finding more and more applications that people have found and also realizing the vast number of 
companies that need these programmers. This has inspired me greatly as I continue to try and contemplate the different projects 
I could work on and how to decide on the correct professionals to interview who could help me in my endeavors. 
On another note, something I’ve been proud of is my current attempt to create my own website from scratch using html and css primarily. 
Although it doesn’t exactly correlate with an increase in my knowledge of machine learning, I believe that being a well-rounded programmer 
and understanding both the front and back end is essential. As I continue with ISM, I only hope to improve in as many ways as possible, 
and as efficiently as possible. 
