---
layout: post
title: "Blog Eleven"
date: 2018-11-19
excerpt: "Thanksgiving Break Planning"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

During this past week, I have learned a considerable amount about the different considerations I should make when creating my original work, which I outlined throughout my past research assessment. Overall, I feel confident that I can now make great progress as I really begin focusing on my project this week. Something else I’ve been thinking about recently is further developing my skills in HTML, CSS, and Javascript in order to become more well-rounded as a programmer. I’ve done some work with all three languages before, but now I have an even greater incentive to do so as I’ve noticed many more job descriptions asking for people who are proficient in these languages. There are of course ways to achieve similar outcomes in website or application development using Python, but it’s mostly up to the preference of the company and the language they are currently using. Also, I feel as if I’ve been focusing quite a bit on planning for my original work recently, but I also feel that the extra thought is warranted with Research Showcase coming up and the complexity of my project being so high. I’ve struggled in the past with being able to force myself to sit down and focus solely on programming for a few hours, so I am making that my goal for Thanksgiving break. I’m simply going to try and set aside a good amount of time and hammer out some code to get something down, and think about editing later. This is my goal for this week, and hopefully I will have some structure to my program to talk about next time. 
