---
layout: post
title: "Blog Two"
date: 2018-09-17
excerpt: ""
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

After going on my first interview, I’ve found multiple new project ideas and motivations which in my eyes are priceless. After learning about the Amazon Prize competition, I realized that every year, college students not much older than me were revolutionizing how an artificial intelligence can converse with humans. By using multiple methods, whether it was hardcoding or pulling from online sources to find nuanced responses, they were able to speak with a human and go deep into a conversation for over 10 minutes. This motivated me greatly, as previously I felt like I didn’t have any idea that I was passionate about and wanted to work on for an extended period of time. Now, I’m looking into learning more about natural language processing and generation, as well as pulling data from online sources and sorting through the noise. Additionally, I’m excited to see that I’m doing very well with networking professionals who are spanning multiple subdivisions in machine learning. I’ve already scheduled a few interviews, and I’m looking forward to learning something new from each and every one. I plan on discussing my current project ideas with them and seeing what they have to add and correct in my approach. I hope to find someone who is just as passionate as I am about these ideas so that I can work with them and achieve my goal of expanding my knowledge of this field. 
