---
layout: post
title: "Blog Three"
date: 2018-09-24
excerpt: ""
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

After an eventful week, I’ve walked away with a wealth of knowledge and some great ideas for starting my original work project. I went on two interviews this week with professionals who use machine learning on a daily basis, and in both I learned something different about the variety of approaches to NLP and NLG projects. I learned about the different types of models, such as sequence to sequence, neural network, or knowledge-based models, which are commonly used in these projects. Not only did this help guide me in starting my projects, it inspired me to do more research and better understand how these models are implemented. During my interviews, I also discussed various different concepts which were of interest to me, including how machine learning connects to business. I was able to listen to these professionals and comprehend how they view the connection between these two fields. Overall, they didn’t fail to stress the importance of understanding business concepts when working in a larger company, as it facilitates communication between the programmer and administrator, improving efficiency. Also, I was given great tools for collaborating with other programmers in the Google Colaboratory feature and Jupyter Notebooks. I can already see that this will make my future efforts easier as I’m able to save my code and ideas wherever I am without having to create a new project. Overall, I feel like I have been very successful this week in making new connections with professionals, learning about SQL and other Big Data concepts, and finding a model for my original work chatbot project. Now, I look forward to delving into implementing the sequence to sequence model in my project and continuing my correspondence with everyone I have interviewed so far. 
