---
layout: post
title: "Blog Fourteen"
date: 2018-12-17
excerpt: "Finishing Original Work & A New Approach"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

  After months of work, I finally turned in my Original Work this past Friday. However, I’m far from done with that project. I think my favorite part of this particular product is just how open-ended it is. After years of development, even entire companies haven’t been able to come close to creating exceedingly accurate responses to every possible variation of question on every possible topic. This doesn’t make me feel hopeless, but it instead excites me because of just how much I can learn throughout this process. If I didn’t have a project which challenged me to this extent, I don’t think I would ever be able to accumulate the amount of knowledge I have even thus far. So, I’m done for right now, but I’m definitely going to be persisting in my efforts to create an effective chatbot, possibly even for my Final Product.
  Another important aspect of this week was my discovery of a new approach to this chatbot. For some reason, when I was looking at this idea in the past, I saw using the Amazon Web Services skills and kits as “cheating” in a sense. I now understand how silly this is, especially when this is my first time working on such a project. The most important thing at this point is that I get something working and find ways to begin pulling apart each skill and recreating for myself. This will overall help me understand how to effectively design a system architecture and get a working product off the ground in no time. I’m really invigorated by this project, and I hope that for the rest of this school year that I will be able to continue learning at this pace, because it has been, without a doubt, a uniquely fulfilling experience.
