---
layout: post
title: "Blog Eight"
date: 2018-10-29
excerpt: "Finding Similarities & Public Speaking"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

In the past week I’ve made great strides in a couple of different respects, including advancing the complexity of my plan for my Original Work chatbot. In analyzing two of the most successful teams' approaches to the Alexa Prize competition, I began to notice some fairly diverse choices for evaluating the intent of the user and constructing the overall response model. The differences gave me new ideas to apply to my own project, but I think what benefitted me the most were the subtle similarities. By conducting a close reading of each approach and its respective justification, I began to see patterns of which algorithms to use for certain models, as well as other helpful additions. Now, I’m excited to refactor some of my code I’ve already written and add in some more models I’ve found to be critical for the functionality of the program. On another note, as I’m preparing to speak in front of some of the executive officers for the Society of Information Management, I am learning to highlight the significant aspects of my journey through ISM. Through my experiences last year, I understood that in order to help my audience better understand what I am working on, I need to use more visuals and more relatable language. Because subjects like advanced mathematics or logical problem solving can be polarizing as far as those who enjoy it or dislike it, I am looking to find ways to create a more engaging presentation. Last year, I did this by applying metaphors and analogies to concepts which were crucial for them to understand, which I will continue to do this year along with new tactics. Overall, I hope my public speaking experiences are even more beneficial than last year in developing my skills and confidence, and I’m more excited to begin than ever on refactoring my project and planning my next speech. 
