---
layout: post
title: "Blog Five"
date: 2018-10-08
excerpt: "Future of My Career & Formatting Comment Data"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

This past week, I focused on two very different topics, namely formatting the data found in JSON files as part of my original work project and the career outlook for my field. When working on formatting the data files, I discovered a couple of different issues which would require me to approach the data from the Reddit comments in a different way. This primarily became an issue as I realized that some comments that are below the parent comment may not directly reply to it, and may instead reply to a comment directly above this comment, or possibly to the post itself. This requires me to be able to distinguish between comments which create a dialogue between each other and other comments which are simply irrelevant, so that the training data doesn’t incorrectly influence the model as it learns conversational elements. As I continue my work next week, I plan to research solutions to this issue and possibly analyze the JSON files to see if they reveal whether or not a comment has multiple parent comments. Additionally, as a result of an in-depth phone interview with a deep learning engineer working primarily in computer vision, I began to understand more about the scope of this field outside of education and initial job prospects. Overall, I feel as if I’ve developed a much more realistic view of the kind of life that being a deep learning or artificial intelligence professional creates. As more time passes while I learn about this field, I only become more passionate about learning more, yet my future only seems more unappealing if I continue down the typical AI pathway. This has led me to consider the practicality of having to be so invested in learning new concepts on essentially a monthly basis, while simultaneously being so concerned with deadlines for large corporations like most AI professionals. With all of this in mind, as I continue into next week, the first thing I’m going to be considering is finalizing the formatting of my data as I finish the tables I was organizing and create a simplified version of all of the information. This will most likely be done by creating what will essentially be a 3D matrix of the data, then using one-hot vectorization to process it for the deep learning model, which I have narrowed down to either a recurrent neural network or sequential model. The second thing on my mind primarily involves my interest in more business-related topics and possibly seeing if I might want to adjust my goals for this year and my college education while still feeding my interest in deep learning.  
