---
layout: post
title: "Blog Thirteen"
date: 2018-12-10
excerpt: "Analyzing My Original Work & First Mentor Visit"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

I’ve been working very diligently for the past week, and although there has been plenty of frustration and staring at screens, I’m satisfied with where I am at this point in the year. Even when I struggled to make progress in my original work, I was able to observe myself improving as I continued to research new topics and find various new approaches to the same objective. Now, I’m hopeful that my most recent approach will allow me to create a chatbot which effectively diversifies its word choice and utilize its memory capabilities. Besides the actual creation of my original work, I have also recently been working on analyzing the many different approaches I took and compiling them in a kind of analysis paper. I think this will be greatly beneficial to me as I look back on this experience in the future, hoping to remember all of the diverse concepts I had to explore in order to undertake the difficulties of this project. 
In other news, I also finally scheduled my first meeting with my mentor. Although last year I felt a bit anxious and nervous about working with a professional, at this point in my academic journey I feel far more calm and composed in these situations. All of my nervous thoughts have been directed toward feelings of anticipation instead, and it feels much more positive for my overall mental state. I’m not only excited to see how much progress I can make on the many projects I hope to work on, but also to make a better personal connection with a professional in the field I have the most interest in. As we approach the deadlines for so many academic projects and college acceptance announcements, all I hope to do is continue improving and making the most out of my situation. 
