---
layout: post
title: "Blog Sixteen"
date: 2018-01-14
excerpt: "Showcase Approaching & New Final Product Considerations"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

Research Showcase is quickly approaching, as the frantic preparation and illogical anxiety begins to settle in. Even as I begin to become more and more accustomed to speaking and presenting my work to other people, I still can’t help but feel nervous as I prepare for such an important event. When it comes to the concrete materials I have had to work on so far, I am relatively pleased. I’ve finished my board, although I may add a few touches here and there, and my research portfolio is all set. I’m proud of myself this year for really getting a head start on a lot of the pieces of showcase, like the board and portfolio, by starting small. By setting little goals day by day, I really managed my time exponentially better than last year, and I feel so much more confident in my ability to interest people with what I have achieved. 

However, the showcase is still not the only thing on my mind. As we move closer towards the beginning of the work on my Final Product, I’m constantly rethinking the different possibilities. Although I was set on remaking and improving my Original Work chatbot, Oscar, I feel like I’m not quite set on this being my only project for the next few months. I think I have learned a significant amount from my endeavors, and even if the final outcome was not exactly what I had hoped, it ended up being an important experience in my ISM journey. I’m not entirely sure what I would like to do for my product just yet, but I know I will make it my primary goal to learn as much as possible and hopefully make something outstanding in the process.
