---
layout: post
title: "Blog Four"
date: 2018-10-01
excerpt: "Creating a Chatbot & Working With Professionals"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

As I stepped into this week, I had finally completely developed the outline for my plans for processing the data in my original work project. Overall, I accomplished a respectable amount this week as I learned more about vectorizing data points to use different deep learning models such as sequence models. In order to apply the model to my chatbot, I also had to find a way to adapt it for the training data I’m using, which is generally in a question and answer format. However, it can get complex when dealing with multiple levels of replies and redirected discussions, so I am planning to learn more about how to deal with this aspect of the data. With this, I’ve been learning a lot more about just how intensive the initial data cleaning and analysis process is compared to the implementation of the actual model. Additionally, I’m planning on connecting with one of my professionals again soon to get some feedback on what I have written so far, and ask him a couple of questions about how I’m approaching the project and whether he believes I am incorporating good coding practices. This is something I aim to work on as I focus on interpretability of my programs by other professionals, as it seems to be an increasingly prevalent issue in the field of machine learning. I feel like I can learn to do so the fastest if I speak directly to someone I interviewed who has firsthand experience dealing with the issue of the disconnect between more business-minded collaborators in a project versus the coders dealing directly with the data. Now, all I need to do is follow these goals I have set for myself, and as always I will continue to accelerate the rate at which I learn and complete my different smaller milestone goals within my projects.  
