---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty-Seven"
date: 2019-04-08
excerpt: "Changing Directions"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

Recently, I engaged in a fairly enlightening conversation with my mentor about the direction of my Final Product. Previously, I thought I could utilize a fear and greed index as the primary factor in my trading decisions, but the reality of this approach is that it will essentially following the market level. This moment was a perfect example of how much I truly need to contemplate each concept I come across instead of assuming it will somehow lead to a higher alpha value in my portfolio. After speaking with my mentor, however, I now have a clear path I wish to pursue and will be instead utilizing the sentiment analysis of financial articles as a more prominent portion of my product. 
After months of valuable experience and interactions that have ultimately helped me grow as a person, I’ve decided to leave my job at iCode. Simply being in that environment alongside other young professionals and learning to teach concepts in a way that break them down to their most basic level has, in my opinion, prepared me greatly for the rigors of the typical business environment. I’m not necessarily comparing my future coworkers to children, but comprehending how to deal with someone who has a harder time getting to a certain level of understanding will definitely be a skill I use in the future, according to my parents. Therefore, I’m grateful for everything iCode has taught me, but I’m simultaneously excited to move on and find a new path. 
