---
layout: post
title: "Blog Nineteen"
date: 2019-02-04
excerpt: "A Little Competition Never Hurt"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

Although we love to focus on academic endeavors in ISM and school in general, I really believe that learning to stay active and keeping my body just as stimulated as my mind is essential to preserving a positive mental state. By playing basketball in a recreational league with my close friends, I’m not only staying active, but it’s injecting some healthy competition into my lifestyle. I’ve been practicing a lot this past week, and it’s no coincidence that I’ve had a much better attitude toward my academic work as well. With this new development in my routine, I feel more ready than ever to begin getting into a real rhythm with my Final Product.
As I’ve slowly begun to work regularly on my Final Product, Viju has been an essential part of this beginning process. Just by discussing some of the deep learning approaches I researched, I was able to expose a lot of the gaps in my early planning and ensure I have time to address them before they become real issues. For example, with Monte Carlo learning, I would theoretically run thousands or even millions of simulations to find the best risk/reward tradeoff for certain buying and selling points. However, I didn’t quite consider how devastating this is to an average computer, and would require a significant amount of time, even on a remote desktop, to get the ball rolling. Nonetheless, I know my passion for finance and the stock market in general will help motivate me for this project so I can make some progress for next week. 
