---
layout: post
title: "Blog Eighteen"
date: 2019-01-28
excerpt: "Final Product Proposal & Other Events"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

I have finally proposed my final product, and I believe I’m going to have a lot of fun learning through each of the unique challenges embedded in the project. My idea of creating a day-trading AI combines two of my biggest passions in the professional world of finance and machine learning. I won’t talk about it too much now as I still need to see how my plans will unfold, but I will constantly be thinking about it for the next 15 weeks at least. 
The other significant event this week is my trip to the Youth and Government state conference in Austin. The experience of not only debating at the capitol building, but establishing relationships and strengthening old ones with promising young minds far exceeded my expectations last year. I’m looking forward to being challenged intellectually and engaging in some really constructive debate, because in my opinion that is one of the most interesting things I have encountered in my academic career so far. Just seeing how other people my age think and process things, as well as finding new perspectives on issues I may not have fully understood, is extremely engaging and conducive to growing as an overall contributor to society. Next week, I’ll detail all of the results of the state conference, product progress, and my latest ISM speech as I aim to continuously improve my speaking ability.
