---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty-Five"
date: 2019-03-25
excerpt: "New Opportunities"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

This week, my primary focus was on making more progress on my Final Product. After doing some extensive planning and really taking my time with understanding how I want the project to pan out, the rest of this undertaking does not look nearly as daunting. However, I think the portion of this week that will require the most time and effort will actually be figuring out some of the logistics with possibly working as an actual intern at Bank of America. I’m planning on being in talks with some of the employees who handle hiring of interns and student programs, hopefully seeing if my connection with Mr. Kothuvatiparambil will allow me to sit in on some of their meetings and work alongside them. Recently, I’ve realized, even more than I did before, that I really enjoy the teamwork aspect of working on a project because it gives me that extra drive that I would not normally have. I truly believe that a professional environment would actually allow me to learn and develop even more than I have before. I had an amazing time working with some of the students at UT Dallas last year, but I think the fact that it was so similar to the atmosphere of a classroom didn’t put me far enough outside of my comfort zone. Now that I’m set on making this happen, I’m excited for what will come in the following weeks, and may determine a lot of what I set out to do before college. 
