---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty-Two"
date: 2019-02-25
excerpt: "Tackling a Project"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

There’s a certain beauty to the boundless structure of a programming project. Although many people would praise the lack of rigidity to this kind of assignment, it’s a concept that’s continued to be difficult for me, even through years of practice. For the entirety of my academic career, I’ve struggled with motivating myself to design something beyond what was given to me or beyond the scope of other examples provided to me. This is why through ISM, my greatest focus, especially this year, has been on the development of my creative ability. I don’t discount the benefits that the logical side of my mind provides me, but the reality is that many times the inability to design my own elegant solutions to an issue simply causes more work for myself in the long term. In issues that are rigid in the way they must be carried out, I feel like I am operating at my best. Therefore, with my most recent project, I think I simply need to force myself into visualizing some sort of direction for myself before I really tackle each portion of my product. I strive to do this moving forward, and I’m hoping that I can motivate myself to put in the extra work required in order to ensure a more polished outcome. However, even if I can’t visualize a direction for any part of my product, I hope to develop better foresight and understanding of how to tackle a project, even if I have less comprehension of the minute details.
