---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty-Four"
date: 2019-03-18
excerpt: "Thinking Like a Professional"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

Spring Break was the perfect opportunity to forget about some of the stressors in my life, and gave me the perfect opportunity to contemplate the financial concepts behind my Final Product. Although I could likely complete this entire project from a mathematical standpoint, only evaluating the changes in moving sums and looking solely at the graphs of stock values over time, I think there is so much to gain from understanding some of these stock indicators. I did believe this in the past as well, but writing the program for the RSI helped me understand just how limited these equations are in the grand scheme of things. On another note, I feel like I haven’t spent quite enough time actually sitting at my computer and just looking through some ideas for my project. When I went on my last mentor visit, I began to realize just how much planning goes into each of my mentor’s various tasks within a larger project. He often will look through dozens of sources on the same issue before he even begins writing a single line of code, and that’s something I’ve been trying to replicate. I’ve compiled a list of sources, including github repositories for various tools and articles, in order to see how others have approached the same issue. I know it is often difficult to look at someone else’s code and then proceed to write something original, but I think in this case where I’m only looking at parts of the whole, it helps me understand how to get each of the moving parts working before I compile it into my product. I truly look forward to seeing how the combination of these parts works out, and I aim to test my product on the Apple stock later this week. Next week, I’ll be back with the results. 
