---
layout: post
title: "Blog Seventeen"
date: 2019-01-21
excerpt: "Research Showcase Recap & Product Aspirations"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

After finishing Research Showcase, I felt such a myriad of emotions as the mental and physical fatigue began to settle in. Still, I had a smile on my face, because after all of the setup and struggle until this point, I finally felt like my efforts were justified. I think having so many issues with my Original Work was weighing on me, up until I got to discuss my field with so many people eager to learn and know more. This experience definitely helped me put all of these past few months in perspective, truly focusing more on the upside of learning so much throughout the process, rather than any of the negative aspects.
Additionally, as the time for Final Product proposals and setup work quickly approaches, I’m determined to find something that will make my last project in ISM meaningful. Currently, I’m looking at making a day-trading AI bot, essentially using multiple indicators and patterns in the values to make decisions on when to buy and sell. I think this is something that could be special to me towards the end of my ISM journey because it will not only give me more experience with my primary field of machine learning, but it also allows me to pursue more of an understanding of finance and the stock market, which I have a passion for as well. Overall, as I begin going to state competitions soon, I may have less time for my projects, but I’m always going to try and find a way to work on it whenever I can hopefully make this year meaningful. 
