---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty-Three"
date: 2019-03-04
excerpt: "Learning Through Teaching"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

In the wake of missed opportunities and being disappointed this week, I believe I’ve developed a new level of respect for the professionalism and high standards that certain companies uphold. While working at my iCode job, teaching children how to program and solve problems logically, I encountered a few issues that impeded the trajectory of the class. Attempting to restructure a curriculum or explain a concept in a more comprehensible manner to a ten-year-old on the fly is far more complex than I imagined. This especially becomes an issue when the child does not actually want to learn, because if they do not feel a drive to improve or make strides in this field, then nobody can convince them to do otherwise. However, even though I know it might be futile to try and convince them to listen to me, simply attempting to view any topic from their perspective forces me to grasp an even better understanding of the concept at hand. Not only this, but it has taught me to understand patience and empathy in ways that I hadn’t ever considered before. Of course, none of this goes without occasional frustration or feeling helpless, but I am beginning to actually see the ways that it’s affecting my mindset. I know it’s a bit of a cliche at this point, but I think I finally understand what teachers mean when they say that their students teach them as well. I can claim to know as much as I want, but until I’m able to teach something in a manner that would allow a ten-year-old to understand, I can’t truly say that I’ve mastered it. 
