---
layout: post
title: "Blog Twenty"
date: 2019-02-11
excerpt: "My Job & Model-Free Learning"
tags: [blog]
feature: https://imgur.com/NeFndvm
comments: false
---

I’ve hardly talked about it on my blog before, but my new job has been a great learning experience for me. When I began working at iCode about a month ago, teaching children and robotics were still fairly novel ideas to me. Especially in the past week, I have seen myself get so much more accustomed to understanding how children think and speak, and it makes me more understanding of their differences and the reasons why they act out at times. I had heard people, primarily teachers, say that dealing with kids requires a lot of patience, but I hadn’t really understood it until recently. Also, by messing around with the computer configurations and Raspberry Pi there, even though it’s supposed to be for the kids, I’ve gotten some interesting ideas out of it. I already know how to code them because it can be done in Python, but I’m very interested in how I could use a mini-computer to enhance my future presentation of my projects and presentations. 

On a different note, my product research has been even more interesting recently. When I learned about model-free oscillators for time-series data, I realized just how different training a model on stock data would be from my previous projects. Before, I had always focused on implementing certain models in each project from libraries. Now, the various kinds of oscillators and model-free learning techniques require a lot more understanding of how they function in order to manipulate the different hyperparameters and adjust according to the testing results I obtain. Overall, I’m really looking forward to this new experience and seeing just how much I can get done actually programming this next week. 
